Remove redundant definitions. See #1311 (#1312)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures.md

The signature's Creation Time ({{signature-metadata}}) is identified by the `*created` identifier.

> Its canonicalized value is the `sf-integer` value of the `created` parameter (see {{params}})
> containing the signature's Creation Time expressed as the number of seconds since the Epoch, as defined in [Section 4.16](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap04.html#tag_04_16) of {{POSIX.1}}.

Reviewer: The definition of `created` refers to the canonicalized value, so referring to `created` creates a circular reference. Small change to fix that:

```suggestion
Its canonicalized value is an `sf-integer` containing the signature's Creation Time expressed as the number of seconds since the Epoch, as defined in [Section 4.16](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap04.html#tag_04_16) of {{POSIX.1}}.
```

> The use of seconds since the Epoch to canonicalize a timestamp simplifies processing and avoids timezone management required by specifications such as [RFC3339].

## Signature Expiration Time

The signature's Expiration Time ({{signature-metadata}}) is identified by the `*expires` identifier.

> Its canonicalized value is the `sf-decimal` value of the `expires` parameter (see {{params}})
> containing the signature's Expiration Time expressed as the number of seconds since the Epoch, as defined in [Section 4.16](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap04.html#tag_04_16) of {{POSIX.1}}.

Reviewer: Removing circular reference as mentioned above.

```suggestion
Its canonicalized value is an `sf-decimal` containing the signature's Expiration Time expressed as the number of seconds since the Epoch, as defined in [Section 4.16](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap04.html#tag_04_16) of {{POSIX.1}}.
```

created
: 
: RECOMMENDED. The `created` parameter is an `sf-integer` containing the signature's Creation Time,
  expressed as the canonicalized value of the `*created` content identifier, as defined in Section 2.  If not specified, the signature's Creation Time is undefined.  This parameter is useful when signers are not capable of controlling the Date HTTP Header such as when operating in certain web browser environments.

expires
: 

> : OPTIONAL. The `expires` parameter is a `sf-decimal` containing the signature's Expiration Time,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: OPTIONAL. The `expires` parameter is a `sf-integer` containing the signature's Expiration Time,
```

I believe this was a decimal initially because I wanted to support millisecond and nanosecond precision... the use case was high frequency trading. In time, it became evident that if people want that sort of resolution, they can create their own X-Header (or the like... High-Precision-Expiration: 234.3342).

Author: @msporny thanks! we are discussing create/expires here https://github.com/httpwg/http-extensions/pull/1280

In this PR I just wanted to get rid of duplicate definitions leaving the semantic discussion to other issues.

Reviewer 3: #1305 

> I believe this was a decimal initially because I wanted to support millisecond and nanosecond precision... the use case was high frequency trading. In time, it became evident that if people want that sort of resolution, they can create their own X-Header (or the like... High-Precision-Expiration: 234.3342).

Thanks for sharing the historic reasons behind this!

Reviewer: A non-standard `High-Precision-Expiration` header field doesn't enable sub-second expiration precision. The signature's expiration time is defined by the `*expires` parameter. Profiling specs can't change that, they can only add additional expiration semantics on top of that. We should not encourage that though, as it introduces confusion – which expiration rules apply? Do they both have to pass, or just one? etc.

If we want to eliminate decimals, let's express both `*created` and `*expires` in milliseconds.

Reviewer 4: I'm amazed.  Is the implication here that signers and verifiers have clocks synchronized with sub-second precision?

Author: @martinthomson 

1-  I agree with your consideration
2- In this PR I just wanted to get rid of duplicate definitions leaving the semantic discussion to other issues. Specifically, there are other parts defining expires as a decimal. 
3- We should - in other PRs - discuss the precision of *created and *expires which imho should be expressed with `seconds` precision, but I don't think should be discussed in this PR :D 

 this PR is mostly an editorial one which just removes redundant definitions. 

Once we agree we can delegate definitions

Reviewer 2: @martinthomson wrote:
> I'm amazed. Is the implication here that signers and verifiers have clocks synchronized with sub-second precision?

Yes, this is true in high-frequency trading systems (for example)... some of which have highly tuned HTTP stacks and are looking at QUIC + HTTP/3 with interest. The legal implications here are that, in some of those systems, that you're supposed to execute orders as you receive them and sometimes the digital signature time matters (from a contractual basis). Here's what a couple of hundred milliseconds in a high-frequency trading system looked like back in 2013 (when we started on this spec):

https://youtu.be/B_k_elbBz8c?t=103

Things move much more quickly now, which is why we might want to drop this use case and get them to create and sign over their own header that has nanosecond (or better) precision. 

All that to say, we could probably back off on the millisecond precision and go to second-based precision if we wanted to support constrained devices that may not be able to do 64-bit integers?

Also, agree with @ioggstream -- all of this is for another PR.

Reviewer 2: @richanna wrote:
> A non-standard High-Precision-Expiration header field doesn't enable sub-second expiration precision. The signature's expiration time is defined by the *expires parameter. Profiling specs can't change that, they can only add additional expiration semantics on top of that. We should not encourage that though, as it introduces confusion – which expiration rules apply? Do they both have to pass, or just one?

Hmm, I wish things worked like that. :)

For example, the high frequency traders won't create a profiling spec, they'll do whatever they want to with this spec as it's base. Notably, they won't sign over `expires` (since it's optional) and will instead add their own header with nanosecond precision, sign over that, and use the standard signature verification thing PLUS their own verification algorithm that takes their header into account.

That's not necessarily a bad thing, per se... and I admit that this is a corner case... but we should be careful to not prevent this sort of usage of the specification.

Reviewer: > Is the implication here that signers and verifiers have clocks synchronized with sub-second precision?

Yes. In addition to @msporny's high-frequency trading example, this level of clock synchronization is not uncommon within distributed systems.

> For example, the high frequency traders won't create a profiling spec, they'll do whatever they want to with this spec as it's base. Notably, they won't sign over expires (since it's optional) and will instead add their own header with nanosecond precision, sign over that, and use the standard signature verification thing PLUS their own verification algorithm that takes their header into account.

Yes, and that results in a non-standard, non-interoperable implementation. That's what I want to avoid by including support for sub-second expiration times in the spec.
